README.md, before:

# [augomate](https://barcek.github.io/augomate/)

A simple static front end for an animated, two-theme, neumorphic lead generation site, extracted from a larger containerized full stack project.

It is currently hosted [here](https://barcek.github.io/augomate/).

The original contact form allowed messages to be sent through a Node.js server and a mailing list to be built in a PostgreSQL database. This backend functionality has been replaced with a use of a dynamic `mailto` and a use of the Clipboard API. Both recombine an address split in the JS to hinder scraping.

## Development plan

The following are possible next steps in the development of the code base. The longer-term aim is a generalisation of the code with an integration of the underlying logic into a simple framework for wider application. Pull requests are welcome for these and any other potential improvements.

- use if feasible in CSS a single source of truth for dark mode
- revise the CSS for improved readability and ease of extension
- refactor the JS to allow instantiation of animated components
- add form inputs and fetch for use with a static email service

Commit message:

docs: added reference to docNxgres & link to repository

README.md, after:

# [augomate](https://barcek.github.io/augomate/)

A simple static front end for an animated, two-theme, neumorphic lead generation site, extracted from a larger containerized full stack project.

It is currently hosted [here](https://barcek.github.io/augomate/).

The original contact form allowed messages to be sent through a Node.js server and a mailing list to be built in a PostgreSQL database. This backend functionality has been replaced with a use of a dynamic `mailto` and a use of the Clipboard API. Both recombine an address split in the JS to hinder scraping.

A containerized back end extracted from the full stack project and adapted to a more general form is available in the [docNxgres](https://github.com/barcek/docNxgres) repository.

## Development plan

The following are possible next steps in the development of the code base. The longer-term aim is a generalisation of the code with an integration of the underlying logic into a simple framework for wider application. Pull requests are welcome for these and any other potential improvements.

- use if feasible in CSS a single source of truth for dark mode
- revise the CSS for improved readability and ease of extension
- refactor the JS to allow instantiation of animated components
- add form inputs and fetch for use with a static email service
